A
not
red
bee
The good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man
The good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the
good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the good man, the bad man, the good man
on god
good
yeah
ah
my
between
ah
my
The flowers are blooming
I can see the sun shining on the city
To the city of stars
Ah, my good friend, my good friend, my good friend
Where are you? Where are you? Where are you?